he who seeks " taiwan independence " will come to no good end .
qian qichen hoped the people of all sectors in hong kong will make positive contribution to strengthening cross - strait cooperation and exchanges in various fields .
yi il - hwan said : dprk youths will work for the constant development of dprk - chinese traditional friendship , nurtured by leaders of the older general of our two countries , in the new century .
the dprk guests arrived china for a visit at the invitation of the cyl central committee .
the two sides exchanged views on a wide range of issues .
in answering a question on the middle east peace process , sun yuxi said : the palestine issue is the core of the middle east issue .
since the madrid peace meeting in 1991 , with common efforts of the two sides and efforts made by the international community , important progress has been made in palestinian - israeli peace talks .
he said : china is of the view that supporting and helping the palestinian people to regain their legitimate democratic rights , including enabling them to return to their homeland and build an independent state , is a due responsibility and obligation of the international community .
china hopes that palestine and israel will abide by the agreements reached between them ; and , on the basis of the relevant un resolutions , with a flexible and pragmatic attitude , and through formal talks , will resolve the palestine issue and restore the palestinian people 's legitimate democratic rights as early as possible .
foreign minister tang jiaxuan held talks with him .
today , central foreign affairs office director liu huaqiu met with him .
this afternoon , president jiang zemin will meet with him .
he said during the meetings and talks , the two sides exchanged views on sino - us relations , the taiwan issue , china 's accession to the world trade organization , us permanent normal trading relation with china , non - proliferation , and international and regional issues of common concern .
china has reaffirmed its principled stand on the taiwan issue and urged the united states to fully understand the sensitivity and complexity of the current situation , take real measures to adhere to the one - china principle , and abide by the three sino - us joint communiques .
to this , berger said the relations between the united states and china are at a crucial moment .
li lanqing , member of the cpc politburo standing committee and vice premier of the state council , attended the conference and delivered a speech .
he pointed out that the state council has decided to carry out the fifth national census on 1 november . as it is a census at the turn of the centuries , it is of extremely important significance . hence , careful arrangements should be made to ensure its success .
as a major survey on the national conditions and national strength , the census is a huge social systems engineering .
those who violate the stipulations set forth in the " law of statistics " and the " procedures for the fifth national census , " interfere in the census work , and fabricate census data must be sternly dealt with in accordance with the law .
in order to do a good job of the census , the state council and pertinent departments have drawn up relevant supporting policies .
in accordance with the stipulations of the " procedures for the fifth national census , " governments at all levels must do a good job of selecting and transferring personnel to ensure the quantity and quality of the personnel needed for the census .
the local governments which have not made arrangements or have not made adequate arrangements for the funds must carry out the work in no time .
governments at all levels should adopt every effective means to organize and guide the work properly , and mobilize the masses and social forces to participate in the census .
various news media should actively cooperate by making full use of the television , broadcast , publications , and other lively forms of propaganda to penetratingly disseminate the great importance and basic knowledge of the census , publicize various state stipulations and policies regarding the census , and make them known to everybody in every household .
all citizens should fulfill their own obligations and report the relevant conditions and data accurately .
the census organizations at all levels and the vast numbers of census workers should perform their duties conscientiously to ensure the high quality of source data of the census .
he stressed that governments at all levels should effectively carry out various tasks of the census .
beijing , 30 mar (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi today urged concerned authorities of japan to make greater efforts for the development of sino - japanese friendly relations and not to do anything unfavorable to the great cause of china 's reunification .
it has been reported that chen shui - bian [ ch ' en shui - pien , ] the newly elected leader of the taiwan region , planned to invite representatives of political parties and governments of various countries to attend ceremonies related to his inauguration .
sun yuxi solemnly pointed out : the taiwan issue is completely an internal issue of china .
the japanese government clearly and solemnly stated to china on various occasions its stand on the taiwan issue and made a series of solemn commitments .
at today 's news briefing of the foreign ministry , sun yuxi again reiterated : there is only one china in the world and taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory .
china resolutely opposes any countries which have diplomatic relations with china establishing official relations with taiwan or engaging in exchanges of any kind of official nature with taiwan .
in his speech , zhang wannian extended cordial greetings , on chairman jiang zemin 's behalf , to all comrades who worked on the military scientific research front and experts and scholars who had made outstanding contributions to the military scientific cause .
we must further strengthen leadership over military scientific research work . party committees and leaders at all levels must put military scientific research on the agenda as a regular , important task , make a definite plan for its implementation , and create necessary conditions for its completion with good results .
present at today 's conference were relevant leaders of the four general departments of the chinese people 's liberation army , the academy of military sciences , and the general office of the central military commission .
wen jiabao pointed out the need to gain a full understanding of the important significance of land greening .
china has made tremendous achievements in greening its land and last year , afforestation and greening maintained a positive momentum of development .
but we must also be soberly aware that the situation concerning china 's ecological environment remains rather grim and water losses and soil erosion are serious .
the deterioration of the ecological environment is severely jeopardizing and hampering the sustainable development of our national economy and society . improving the ecological environment has become an urgent requirement of economic and social development and the effort to improve the people 's standard of living .
it is necessary to have a heightened sense of urgency and responsibility , rise to action immediately , extensively mobilize millions of members of the public to involve themselves in the greening of their motherland , and speed up the process of creating a new , beautiful landscape .
wen jiabao stressed that making a success of this year 's land - greening work with a conscientious effort is of great significance to comprehensively expediting the construction of a new ecological environment in china in the new century .
the main tasks of afforestation at present are manifold . first , the all - people voluntary tree - planting campaign should be continued .
an active effort should be made to explore new mechanisms of bringing into play the forces from various quarters and enabling them to participate in afforestation in various ways .
second , the urban and rural greening process should be comprehensively accelerated .
it is necessary to adhere to the principle of letting urban areas lead rural areas , letting rural areas spur urban areas on , joining urban and rural forces , and moving forward in synergy .
third , conditions should be created for the improvement of conditions for agricultural production and the ecological environment and for the realization of sustainable agricultural development .
fourth , this process should be integrated with the strategy of developing the western country in a big way .
western regions should face the reality of a fragile ecological environment and focus their greening endeavors on the protection of the ecological environment and restoration of forest and grass cover .
all departments concerned should give energetic support to relevant industries in the greening campaign .
eastern regions should strengthen their cooperation with central and western regions , by developing forests and pastures in various forms , including acquiring shareholding through investment , joint exploitation , and cooperation for mutual benefit , so as to promote the joint development of the greening cause .
second , it is necessary to rely on scientific and technological advancement to raise the standard of land greening .
third , it is necessary to perfect the mechanisms and arouse the general public 's enthusiasm in afforestation .
mental mobilization and material incentives should be combined to benefit the public taking part in afforestation in real terms ; investors in different regions , industries , and under different forms of ownership should be encouraged to engage themselves in afforestation .
fourth , it is necessary to manage forests in strict accordance with law and comprehensively strengthen the protection of forest and pasture resources and the fruits of afforestation .
new progress should be made in legislation on land greening and new measures introduced to intensify law enforcement .
fifth , it is necessary to unify people 's understanding and conscientiously strengthen leadership over greening work .
the responsibility system based on greening targets should be upheld ; the tasks for afforestation , greening , and resource protection should be further clarified ; and substantial help should be extended to grassroots organizations in solving any practical problems they may encounter in their greening work .
after the reshuffle , the chairman of the pboc monetary policy committee is dai xianglong , governor of the pboc , and its vice chairman is liu tinghuan , pboc deputy governor .
since july 1997 , the monetary policy committee has held nine regular meetings and submitted reports to the party central committee and state council on matters concerning the monetary policy , successfully carrying out its functions as a consultative body .
following is the full text of the speech .
i am extremely glad to meet my old friends again and to make new friends here .
i want to express my heartfelt thanks to the host for its cordial invitation and warm reception !
during the " shanghai five countries " summit initiated in april 1996 , the agreements on confidence - building in the military sphere and on the mutual reduction of the armed forces in the border areas were signed one after another .
after the two agreements came into force , the five countries have done a positive and fruitful work to honor the agreements .
we believe that all the five countries will strictly abide by the agreements without violating the stipulations .
as far as i know , china and russia will conduct another test examination in suifenhe in china 's heilongjiang province in mid - april .
ignoring the established principles governing international relations , some countries have advocated that " human rights are above sovereignty " and have used " human rights " and " humanity " as an excuse to interfere in the internal affairs and infringe upon the sovereignty of other countries .
however , we must notice that some countries still cling to the cold war idea and continue to intensify the military alliance , thus increasing the regional unstable factors .
the cooperation based on mutual benefit and the common development are the economic guarantee for safeguarding peace and security .
and , holding dialogues , negotiations , and talks based on equality is the correct channel to solve disputes and safeguard peace and security .
we support russia 's resolute measures against chechen and support russian government 's sacred cause of safeguarding national unification and territorial integrity .
we also support the efforts made by the middle east countries to safeguard the national and regional peace and stability .
we value our relations with middle - east countries , sincerely hope for the long - term stability and continuous economic development in this region , and also hope that all the countries in this region will live together in peace and strengthen mutually beneficial relations of cooperation with neighboring countries .
the joint statement issued by " shanghai five countries " summit in bishkek definitely stipulates : " no country is allowed to use its own territory to engage in the acts that damage the sovereignty , security , and social order of any of these five countries . "
as defense ministers , we are duty - bound to carry this consensus out .
our refusal to give up the use of force is not directed against taiwan people but is directed against foreign forces and taiwan independence forces .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks your countries for the consistent understanding and support to the chinese government 's stance concerning the taiwan issue . we look forward to your continued great support .
in conclusion , i want to emphasize that it is of great significance that we defense ministers of five countries meet here for the first time right after the beginning of this new millennium . this indicates the new beginning of the cooperation in the sphere of military security among our five countries .
thank you !
the establishment of the central discipline work committee for enterprises is of a great significance in promoting the building of a sound party style and a clean administration in major and key state enterprises .
they should observe the relevant disciplines and stipulations concerning the discipline inspection and supervision work , resolutely get rid of the bureaucratic style of work , and make active efforts to help grass - roots units remove their difficulties and worries .
they should step up their studies , and constantly enhance their work ability and work level .
zhang hong , member of the central work committee for enterprises and secretary of the central discipline work committee , delivered a report at the meeting , in which he made work arrangements for this year 's discipline inspection and supervision work in major and key state enterprises .
we should conscientiously impose " five prohibition 's , " which were put forward at the fourth session of the central commission for discipline inspection , on the leading personnel of state enterprises .
when carrying out the discipline inspection and supervision work in enterprises , we should implement the eight - character principle of " education , supervision , punishment , and protection , " regarding education as the basis , supervision as the guarantee , punishment as the means , and protection as the purpose .
he urged relevant enterprises to establish and perfect their own discipline inspection and supervision organs , work hard to enhance the quality of their discipline inspection and supervision cadres , and build up a contingent of outstanding inspection and supervision cadres in enterprises .
the meeting was presided over by wang ruixiang , deputy secretary of the central work committee for enterprises .
beijing , 30 mar ( xinhua ) - - not long ago , strong northwest wind blew some surface soil of the loess plateau to the sky over shanghai , causing serious floating dust air pollution and muddy rains in shanghai .
to improve the ecological environment is a task of prime importance in the large - scale development of the western region .
tian fengshan , minister of land and natural resources , said : ecological improvement in the western region will benefit not only the region itself , but also the entire country .
one of the major tasks in the large - scale development of the western region is that in the next 10 years , 50 million mu of hillside cultivated land with a slope of more than 25 degrees in the western region will be restored to forest - land or grassland .
several decades from now , when the mountains and rivers in the western region become beautiful , the people across the country will see bluer sky and clearer river water .
it can be anticipated that in a period to come , the huge demand of the western region for building materials , engineering machinery , industrial equipment , electronic products and other supplies will greatly stimulate the production of relevant industries and make a large number of enterprises free themselves from their current situation of operating under capacity .
when the infrastructure in the western region becomes adequate , particularly when the people there enjoys better transport facilities , a developed economy and higher living standards , their dormant consumption demand will become vigorous .
the preparatory work for building the project of " transferring gas from the west to the east " - - a pipeline between xinjiang 's tarim basin and shanghai - - is being stepped up .
popularizing the use of clean and inexpensive natural gas in large and medium - sized cities will effectively enhance the economic efficiency of enterprises , reduce industrial pollution , and bring convenience to the people ' daily life .
the proved reserve of sylvite in qinghai 's qaidam basin accounts for more than 90 percent of china 's total proved sylvite reserve , and the conditions for exploitation are very good .
according to experts ' forecast , the products to be produced by this project will have a quality as good as that of imported products , but they will be much cheaper and therefore benefiting the vast number of peasants .
to this reporter 's knowledge , various provinces in the western region either have formulated or are formulating relevant policies , trying to attract more domestic and overseas investors with good service and market economic benefit .
the investment opportunities are for various scales of investment and spreading in many fields , such as infrastructural construction , exploitation of natural resources , ecological environment improvement , tourism , agricultural and animal husbandry restructuring , deep processing industry , and restaurants and other catering businesses .
creation of a large number of job opportunities will be a great benefit to be brought to the people by the large - scale development of the western region .
for a period to come , there will be a huge demand for qualified personnel in the fields of economic management , ecological construction , engineering technology and management , exploitation of natural resources , and tourism management .
in the past , a large number of migrant workers had swarmed to southern china . today , migrant workers are beginning to move westward . in the past , scientists , technicians and college graduates sought jobs in the southeastern region .
beijing , 30 mar ( xinhua ) - - state council vice premier wu bangguo met gary tooke [ jia li tu ke 0502 6849 0956 0344 ] , former chief executive of the us - based motorola corporation , and his entourage in zhongnanhai today .
tooke indicated that since it began making investments in china , motorola has established a cooperative relationship of mutual trust and benefit with china and will further expand its investment in china .
astana , 30 mar (xinhua) - - general chi haotian , vice chairman of the central military commission , state councillor , and concurrently minister of national defense , met here this afternoon with sherali khairullaev , defense minister of tajikistan .
chi haotian said : china and tajikistan are friendly neighboring countries , and peoples of the two countries have their traditional friendship .
since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , their bilateral ties have been developing steadily , and their fields of cooperation have been constantly expanded .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks tajikistan for its consistent support of china 's clear - cut stance on taiwan , tibet , and human rights , and on opposition to national splittism .
chi haotian added : strengthening coordination and cooperation , making concerted efforts to oppose religious extremism and international terrorism , including joint efforts to strike blows at national splittist forces in the interest of safeguarding regional security and stability conforms with the fundamental interests of the peoples of the two countries .
khairullaev said : president rakhmonov and president jiang zemin have laid a solid foundation for the development of the ties between the two countries .
the tajik people greatly value their friendship with the chinese people and the chinese army . they believe that china is a truly friendly neighbor and sincere partner of tajikistan .
khairullaev pointed out : international terrorism , religious extremism , and bellicose national splittism have become a common problem facing many countries in the world . we should join hands to strike effective blows at them .
an incident of hijacking hostages happened in the southern part of tajikistan last year . tajikistan and several of its neighboring countries took joint action against it . this was a good example in this regard .
in the future , tajikistan will continue to make efforts to safeguard its own and regional security and stability .
in exchange for these bribes , he recommended seven cadres to higher - level organizations and departments , promoted and transferred 42 section - level cadres , adjusted work positions of 10 persons , and gave conveniences to 11 persons in the way of work transfers , speeding up allocation of funds , and awarding project contracts .
according to relevant provisions of the criminal law , ding yangning has committed the crime of corruption . he is sentenced to life imprisonment , deprived of political rights for life , and punished with a fine of 50,000 yuan . whatever he gained through his crime shall be confiscated and turned over to the state treasury .
during my visit to india in 1996 , i reached a consensus with your leaders on establishing a constructive , cooperative sino - indian partnership oriented to the 21 st century , thus opening a new page for bilateral relations .
we are also pleased to see that the current sino - indian relations have entered a new stage of improvement and development .
as the two largest developing countries in the world , china and india share a vast common understanding and conduct much good cooperation in handling international affairs .
prc state council premier zhu rongji sent a telegram to indian premier atal behari vajpayee , warmly hailing the 50 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and india .
india is one of the first countries to establish diplomatic ties with china following the founding of new china .
with the profound changes in the international situation of today , as the two largest developing countries in the world , we are charged with the important tasks of developing economies and raising the people 's living standards .
at the dawn of the new century , i believe that the common historic missions and responsibilities surely will prompt china and india to jointly advance and bring into the 21 st century a peaceful , stable , and friendly relationship between china and india .
beijing , 31 mar ( xinhua ) - - chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan sent a telegram to his indian counterpart jaswant singh to warmly celebrate the 50 th anniversary of the establishment of sino - indian diplomatic relations .
with similar national situations , china and india share a vast common understanding and common interests , thus constituting a firm foundation for our friendship .
i am especially very pleased to call in mind the successful visit to china by your excellency in 1999 . since then , bilateral relations once again have entered a process of improvement and development .
a bright prospect for developing sino - indian relations is now arising .
the chinese leaders of three generations have paid attention to developing good - neighborly and friendly relations with india .
astana , 31 mar ( xinhua ) - - general chi haotian , vice chairman of the prc central military commission , state councilor , and concurrently minister of national defense , left astana for home this morning by plane , after satisfactorily attending the defense minister meeting of china , kazakhstan , russia , kyrgyzstan , and tajikisktan .
kazakh president nazarbayev met with the defense ministers of china , russia , kyrgyzstan , and tajikistan who were attending the defense minister meeting .
vice chairman chi haotian met with kazakh defense minister lieutenant general tokpakbayev , russian defense minister marshal sergeyev , kyrgyz defense minister lieutenant general toboyev , and tajik defense minister general khayrulloyev . after discussion , they reached broad unanimity on the issue of developing bilateral relations featuring military friendship and cooperation and the issues of common concern .
the above - mentioned " opinion " points out : over the past five decades following the founding of new china , especially since the start of reform and opening - up , the social welfare work in this country has made considerable progress and played a positive role in building the socialist material and spiritual civilizations .
in particular , due to the current trend of big families being replaced by small ones , there is a fast - growing need for socialized service to take care of old people .
also , both special care given to disabled people and orphans and conditions provided for their recuperation need further improvement .
the " opinion " stresses that governments at all levels and departments concerned should , through the implementation of special policies , support and give preferential treatment to social welfare organizations established with investments by various social sectors . 1 .
all localities should include in their economic and social development plans the numbers of welfare organizations and hospital beds under the welfare program as guiding targets . also , their infrastructure construction program should include the social welfare facilities they plan to build . 2 .
all city people 's governments should reduce or exempt the urban infrastructure construction fee on these facilities as appropriate . 4 .
the state should give preferential tax treatment to social welfare organizations , their welfare services , and the tertiary industries established and run by them . preferential tax treatment should also be accorded to welfare enterprises for settling the disabled and to donations made by various units and individuals in support of the welfare program .
the department concerned should process on a priority basis the applications for corporation registration submitted by social welfare organizations whose establishment was approved by the civil affairs department . as for welfare organizations established without the civil affairs department 's approval , the department concerned should not accept their applications for corporation registration . 6 .
at the invitation of shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , eu trade commissioner pascal lamy arrived in beijing on 28 march to hold ministerial - level consultations .
china 's accession to wto will have a certain impact on our country 's economic , cultural , and other fields ; chinese cities will also be facing various challenges as the cities are combinations of all factors in social , economic , and cultural development .
in addition , each city should find out its own advantages and characteristics in the development of technology industries , properly draw up strategic plans for the development of science , technology , and education , and provide effective support for the development of high technology in the formulation of reasonable arrangements and plans for urban development .
for example , a high - tech estate should be set up in beijing 's zhongguancun , and urban planning should provide services for it .
second , along with the changes in the industrial structure , every city should make appropriately adjust and select its character and functions in the light of its own characteristics .
we have the advantages of comparatively low wages and high - quality labor force . accession to the wto will greatly expand our market and tap our potential .
when the textile industry is selected as the orientation of urban development , attention must be paid to a city 's own foundation and conditions . it is necessary to objectively analyze market demand and be good at giving play to the advantages . mass actions without proper planning and coordination should be prevented .
the railway grids are not evenly distributed : 54 percent of the railways are in the eastern part , 30 percent in the central part , and only 16 percent in the western part .
to meet the needs in the expansion of foreign exchanges after accession to the wto , all cities must further enhance the construction of transportation , telecommunication , water supply , water drainage , power supply , gas supply and other infrastructure facilities in their development plans .
a certain engineer regiment under the command of the general staff headquarters organized a research camouflage training under high - tech conditions in a certain place in northern china in late autumn .
reconnaissance teams from the " blue army " conducted reconnaissance on the targets of the " red army " from the air using high - tech reconnaissance devices of various types and did not found any real targets under camouflage .
the regiment was equipped with camouflage - painted motor vehicles , false target making vehicles , and camouflage reconnaissance vehicles one after another in recent years , and the regiment 's reconnaissance capability was thus enhanced to a certain degree .
to make the camouflage of important targets change along with different seasons , landforms , and reconnaissance means , they developed a computer auxiliary decision - making system , which can make both camouflage planning designs for targets under different conditions and provide plans for various auxiliary decisions on camouflage under complex wartime conditions .
to make static targets moveable , the task force engaged in tackling major technical hurdles worked without a letup for several months , made do with whatever was available , and thus succeeded in developing movable false tanks , false armored cars , and other false targets .
in the training sites , tanks and armored cars marched toward the areas under assault one by one , with their exhaust pipes spurting puff after puff of black smoke and their caterpillar treads leaving track after track of ruts behind them , thus making the camouflage effect more distinctive .
the one - man camouflage smoke launcher and assembled false target that they developed and improved won a third - class prize for military scientific and technological progress .
the task force led by engineer jiang shiwen succeeded in developing , through repeated experiments , a variety of shaped defilades , such as shaped umbrellas and shaped groves .
[ yan hua ] in the government work report written by chinese prime minister zhu rongji , in addition to the guiding plan of " speeding growth " was the guiding plan of food production , but it was n't included originally .
canceling the guiding plan of food production , canceling price supports for some types of foods , and implementing strategic reform were major events for a billion farmers .
for this reason , this journalist interviewed chen xiwen , who is a research fellow at the state council development research center , and also is the leader of the department of agricultural economic research .
chen xiwen has long been involved in agricultural economic theory and policy research . he worked on drafting documents for the central government regarding problems of farming villages . he wrote more than 10 books about this subject . he also published more than 150 dissertations and research reports .
does this mean that brown 's worries were without basis ?
take cereal , for example .
in 1998 , yield was 330.2 kg per acre , compared to 1992 , when it was 289.5 kg per acre , which is a 14% increase .
these years the food harvests have been good . those circumstances and necessary measures are reasons for this .
undeniably , there are many agricultural problems . between 1992 and 1993 , when the economy overheated , agriculture was ignored in many places . this caused a big loss of agricultural resources . the money and labor of some places went into real estate .
once the country implemented macroscopic economic reform , this situation eventually changed .
how do you view this ? [ chen ] regarding requirements for our agricultural products , the problem of quantity has already lessened .
last year the state department announced that beginning in 2000 , our country is going to start decreasing the scope of price controls and supports , so the price of low - quality food will no longer be protected .
the second - worst quality variety is the corn in the northeast . there is an idiom that says , " grow on the fire , harvest on the ice . " it means , the time to harvest the corn is when it is frozen to death . the corn is not completely mature .
but if you roast it , the kernel becomes flat and dry . it is poor quality and expensive . it is not easy to research and cultivate a new variety that can adapt to the cold northeast climate .
this is the third food surplus in recent years . the years 1984 and 1990 had food surpluses .
however , this did n't successfully promote higher - quality varieties . [ yan hua ] what is the difference between the agricultural reform this time and before ? [ chen ] before , agricultural reform was limited .
ancient people knew that logging and slash and burn land clearing were not good . but people had to feed themselves , so they had to do this .
but now , farm products are fully supplied . we now have the ability to encourage environmental ecology . for example , planting grass , protecting lakes , planned reforestation of farmland , and taking poor agricultural land out of cultivation .
beijing , 31 march ( xinhua ) - - chinese minister of foreign affairs tang jiaxuan sent a telegram to indian minister of external affairs singh jaswant , warmly congratulating the 50 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and india .
prc minister of foreign affairs tang jiaxuan in beijing on 1 april 2000 .
also present at the meeting was chiu yi - jen ( qiu yiren ) , director of the dpp 's electioneering committee .
any attempt to negate the " one - china " principle is totally unacceptable , and will surely lead to serious consequences .
the leaders on both sides of the taiwan strait can have meetings and talks , yet such meetings and talks ought to be conducted on the basis of the " one - china " principle .
so long as it is within the framework of " one china , " everything can be discussed , including the various concerns of the taiwan side .
he believed that only when taiwan 's new leader discards his stand of " taiwan independence " and recognizes the " one - china " principle can the cross - strait relations undergo a positive progress .
liu xiaoping pointed out that the recent election held in the taiwan region as well as its results will not , and cannot , change the fact that taiwan is one part of the chinese territory .
he indicated : " we will judge taiwan 's new leader by his deeds , not just by his words .
" ' one china ' refers to the fact that there is only one china in this world , taiwan is one part of the chinese territory , and china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity is inseparable , " he noted .
however , if taiwan negates the " one - china " principle and attempts to separate taiwan from the chinese territory , then the basis for a peaceful settlement of the taiwan issue will no longer exist .
at present , the cross - strait relations and the china - us relations are both in the middle of an extremely sensitive period of crucial importance , liu xiaoming noted .
moftec minister shi guangsheng welcomes eu trade commissioner pascal lamy to come back again to beijing for more talks .
the current round of negotiations began the afternoon of 28 march and ended this morning .
gooch would not elaborate on what kind of progress has been made .
after concluding this round of negotiations , lamy will soon leave beijing and return to brussels to report the negotiation situation to the eu council and the 15 member states .
minister shi guangsheng welcomes commissioner lamy to visit beijing again for more talks . "
the meeting held that since being put into effect on 1 april in 1985 , the " prc patent law " has played an important role in encouraging invention and innovation , introducing foreign advanced technology , and promoting china 's advancement in science and technology and its economic development .
with the constant deepening of structural reform and china 's gradual opening to the outside world , new cases have arisen in the enforcement of the existing patent law .
the meeting decided that the " ( draft ) amendment to the prc patent law " will be submitted by the state council to the npc standing committee for review .
beijing , 31 march ( xinhua ) - - the following are the stipulations governing the real - name system for individual saving accounts : article 1 . in order to guarantee the facts of individual saving accounts and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the depositors , thereby , the provisions are stipulated .
article 3 . the financial institutions mentioned in the provisions refer to institutions doing individual saving business in line with the law inside chinese territory . article 4 .
individuals opening new saving accounts in financial institutions will be asked to show their own identification cards and use their real names .
when opening an individual saving account on someone 's behalf in a financial institution , the representative should show both his own identification card and the identification card of the person he represents .